Hi! I'm Gavin Schramm and I am a student at Doane University in Crete Nebraska. I will graduate in May of 2026 with a Software Engineering major and a Data Analytics and Leadership Studies double minor. At Doane I am a part of the Programming Team, the Hansen Leadership Program, an Ambassador and build scene sets in the Theatre department. 

This Jeopardy website is my first project I worked on by myself. I have had my struggles but I got a working design done as of June 11, 2025. It uses a div class to hold the game board in place with several div classes inside it to represent the columns of the board. The Team scores at the bottom of the page stays the entire game. When a button is clicked, it hides the game board by setting its display to none and changes three html elements to make their display appear; the points the question is worth, the question, and the answer button. When the answer button is clicked, it changes the text of the question to be the answer and shows the button of who to give the points to. Team 1, Team 2, Team 3 or No One. When one of those four buttons are pressed, it shows the game board again and the process starts again, but with the button not being shown.

There are some problems with the system right now. The first is there is no way to remove points if the question is answered wrong like real jeopardy. Another problem is that the way I decided to show if the question was picked is by making the text color the same as the button color, so even though the question has been asked, it can still be clicked and award points. Another thing this game does not have is double jeopardy. If I decide to add it, it will work a bit differently. Instead of gambling points, it would just double the points you would earn or lose. The last thing is that the questions, answers and team names are hard coded and can't be changed from the website. To change anything you will have to go into the html file to change the team names and categories and go to the JavaScript file to change the questions and answers. 

For now this is a working game but if I decide to work on it in the future, I would start with changing the point system and instead add a plus and minus button on the side of team scores to add or subtract points. Other things I would add is a way to change the categories, questions, answers and team names, but I don't know anything back end yet so if the page reloads, you lose the updated questions.